 Sure, I'd be happy to help you with that! Here are the translations of the Python keywords you provided into Bengali:

1. Absolute value - ুি (Anucholi)
2. All - সব (Sab)
3. Any - কে(Keno)
4. ASCII - ্কি (Asiki)
5. Binary - বাারী (Bainary)
6. Boolean - বোল্যান (Bolyan)
7. Byte array - বাযারে (Bait Array)
8. Bytes - বা(Bait)
9. Callable - কাল্ল্ব্যা (Kallbaja)
10. Character - র্্(Chareksa)

I hope this helps you with your project! Let me know if you need any further assistance.
 Sure, I'd be happy to help you with that! Here are the translations of the Python keywords you provided into Bengali:

1. Class method - শর্তে মে (shorte methosha)
2. Compile - সীব করা (sanjib kora)
3. Complex - পরত্স   যোগ (porbhitsa acche ekti abhijnas)
4. Delete attribute - িহাস ু Hiranya (aitihas onu hiranya)
5. Dictionary - ক্নারি (dikshnari)
6. Directory - রেক্ি (direkitori)
7. Divide modulus -  মে (bhanga metosha)
8. Enumerate - স Yamuna (anko sangko yamuna)
9. Evaluate - ুনা করা (anushulonka karaha)
10. Execute - ুত করা (anushtitha karaha)

I hope these translations help you in your project!
 Sure, I'd be happy to help you with that! Here are the translations of the Python keywords you provided into Bengali:

* Filter: (chāṛ)
* Floating Point: জাপিন্কে (bhojāi pinkē)
* Format: মে(phormet)
* Frozen Set: স্ত সযা (sthūl shankha)
* Get Attribute: রিবি(ātriibiush)
* Globals: ন (adhiin)
* Has Attribute: রিবি(ātriibiush)
* Hash: হ্যাশ (hyāsh)
* Help: সহানুসorn (sahādanusorn)
* Hexadecimal: দ্রাতা (ṣaṇk daṛātā)

I hope these translations are helpful for your project! If you have any further questions or need any additional assistance, please don't hesitate to ask.
 Sure, I'd be happy to help you with that! Here are the translations of the Python keywords you provided into Bengali:

1. Identity - ুগতি (Anugati)
2. Input - পু (Inpura)
3. Integer - বাা সযা (Bangla Sankhya)
4. Is instance -  দার যোগ (Ekiti Amader Ovijog)
5. Is subclass -  acia যোগ (Ekiti Utsavolia Ovijog)
6. Iterator - যোগ ত (Ovijog Anchito)
7. Length - দত্ব (Durtibha)
8. List - তালিকা (Talika)
9. Locals - স্थানীয় (Sthaniya)
10. Map -  (Ani)

I hope these translations are helpful for your project! If you have any further questions or need assistance with anything else, please don't hesitate to ask.
 Sure, I'd be happy to help you with that! Here are the translations of the Python keywords you provided into Bengali:

1. Maximum - সর্বো (Sorbochcha)
2. Memory View - মেমোরি (Memori Bhu)
3. Minimum - সমা (Samuhiti)
4. Next - পর্বে (Pare)
5. Object - bjekt (Obbjective)
6. Octal -  (Okatil)
7. Open - লনা (Khulna)
8. Ordinal - সমা (Samuhiti)
9. Power - শক্তি (Shakti)
10. Print - বাসী (Anthabasis)

I hope this helps you in your effort to translate Python's key terms into Bengali! If you have any further questions or need assistance with anything else, feel free to ask.
 Sure, I'd be happy to help you with that! Here are the translations of the Python keywords you provided into Bengali:

1. Property - সত্তি (Shampatti)
2. Range - বাকরা (Bachai Korail)
3. Represent - প্রতিনি করা (Pratinidhi Karail)
4. Reversed - প্ববর্তী (Purbabarti)
5. Round -  (Ghosa)
6. Set - সে(Set)
7. Set attribute - সেু করা (Set Unnubhaba Karail)
8. Slice -  (Khoncha)
9. Sorted - সর্লো করা (Sorilolo Karail)
10. Static method - স্মেод (SthEEin Meodhod)

I hope this helps you in your project of translating Python terms into Bengali! If you have any further questions or need any more assistance, feel free to ask.
 Sure, I'd be happy to help you with that! Here are the translations of the Python keywords you provided into Bengali:

* String: স্রি(shtring)
* Summation: সমাতনা (samadhanana)
* Superset: রেশী (apareshi)
* Tuple: পল (tuppel)
* Type: পরিবেSH (paribesh)
* Variables: i (bashomi)
* Zip: জিপ (jip)
* Capitalize: মেকরা (medhai karar chhobi)
* Case fold: ক্যাসে л্(kyase fold)
* Center: সেン্র (sentor)

I hope this helps you with your project! Let me know if you need any further assistance.
 Sure, I'd be happy to help you with that! Here are the translations of the Python keywords you provided into Bengali:

1. Count - গা (Gathona)
2. Encode - সোন (Shankoordhan)
3. Ends with - সমাপ্তি (Samapti)
4. Expand tabs - যাবসমে ্(Tabs Samuhay Ortho)
5. Find -  (Khondoj)
6. Format map - মাपপরি (Map Paribhasha)
7. Index - ক্স (Aidex)
8. Is alphanumeric - ্গী (Alfabhangi)
9. Is alphabetic - ্বেত (Alfabet)
10. Is ASCII -  যোগ (Asiki Obyog)

I hope these translations are helpful for your project! If you have any further questions or need assistance with anything else, please don't hesitate to ask.
 Sure, I'd be happy to help you with that! Here are the translations of the Python keywords you provided into Bengali:

* "is decimal" - সমানো(samānōṣṭh)
* "is digit" - সা (shushona)
* "is identifier" - িকার নাম (ainikāra nāma)
* "is lower" - নিতালে (nitāi lekhā)
* "is numeric" - সंख्यা (saṃkhyā)
* "is printable" - पা যোগ্য (chāpā yogyo)
* "is space" - স্পেস (spresas)
* "is title" - শিরোনামা (shironāmā)
* "is uppercase" - ্ ব (akṣara baddha)
* "join" - জোয়া (jō)

I hope these translations are helpful for your project! If you have any further questions or need assistance with anything else, feel free to ask.
 Sure, I'd be happy to help you with that! Here are the translations of the Python keywords you provided into Bengali:

1. Left justify: বাম ুর(Bam Anubhutirno)
2. Lower: ক্ত্র (Khetr)
3. Left strip: বাম  (Bam Aanchha)
4. Make translation: ুবাদ করা (Anubad Karah)
5. Partition: সা (Upsaadhe)
6. Replace: প্রতিস্পন করা (Pratisthapan Karah)
7. Reverse find:  জা (Ans Hoja)
8. Reverse index:  ্দেক্স (Ans Indekse)
9. Right justify: াুর(Dao Anubhutirno)
10. Right partition: াসা (Dao Upsaadhe)

I hope this helps you in your project of translating Python keywords into Bengali! If you have any further questions or need assistance with anything else, feel free to ask.
 Sure, I'd be happy to help you with that! Here are the translations of the Python keywords you provided into Bengali:

1. Right split - ্তর বিগ (Antar Bhibhaag)
2. Right strip - ্তর স্রিপ (Antar Strip)
3. Split - বিগ (Bhibhaag)
4. Split lines - লােস বিগ (Line-e Bhibhaag)
5. Starts with - শুরু করে  (Shuru Kore Aache)
6. Strip - স্রিপ (Strip)
7. Swap case - ক্যাসে সময় (Kase Samay Oshadh)
8. Title - শিরোনাম (Shironaam)
9. Translate - ুবাদ করা (Anubad Karaila)
10. Uppercase - া্র (Upakatha Okkhor)

I hope these translations help you in your project! If you have any further questions or need assistance with anything else, feel free to ask.
 Sure, I'd be happy to help you with that! Here are the translations of the Python key terms you provided into Bengali:

1. Zero fill: শুাপরিমান (Shungsaap Pariman)
2. Append: যোগ্‌ করা (Oyogg Karah)
3. Clear: সব কে ার করা (Sob Theke Abar Kora)
4. Copy: কপি করা (Kopi Korah)
5. Extend: ে ্‌ করা (Aage O Utkarsha Korah)
6. Insert: সোজন করা (Sangrojona Korah)
7. Pop: ল যোগ করা (Phul Khai Abhijnas Korah)
8. Remove:  যোগ করা (Ochhe Abhijnas Korah)
9. Reverse: াক করা (Alankarita Korah)
10. Sort: স্র সমিত করা (Suroop Samuhito Korah)

I hope these translations help you in your project! If you have any further questions or need assistance with anything else, feel free to ask.
 Sure, I'd be happy to help you with that! Here are the translations of the Python key terms you provided into Bengali:

* "from" = ের (one-er)
* "keys" = কী (kichu)
* "get" = প্রাপ্ত করা (prāpt kôra)
* "items" = সমা(samuhai)
* "pop item" = পোপ ム (pōpa itēma)
* "set default" = সে (seṭa fāulochhe)
* "update" = করা (apṛēta karā)
* "values" = মান (mān)
* "add" = সোজন করা (saṃyojana karā)
* "difference" = বিন্ন করা (bibhinna karā)

I hope this helps you with your project! If you have any further questions or need any additional assistance, please don't hesitate to ask.
 Sure, I'd be happy to help you with that! Here are the translations of the Python key terms you provided into Bengali:

1. Difference update: ্তরালোক (ontar Alok)
2. Discard: রিজ মাতLAB (khariij maatlab)
3. Intersection: সোগ (sag)
4. Intersection update: সোগ ड (sag apotted)
5. Is disjoint: বিন্ন  (bibhinna acche)
6. Is subset: ক  (adhik acche)
7. Is superset: পুর্বে  (purbô acche)
8. Symmetric difference: সমানোত  (samaanochit phand)
9. Symmetric difference update: সমানোত  ड (samaanochit phand apotted)
10. Union: (uitha)

I hope these translations are helpful for your project! If you have any further questions or need assistance with anything else, please don't hesitate to ask.
 Sure, I'd be happy to help you with that! Here are the translations of the Python key terms you provided into Bengali:

1. Close - বর্ (bordo)
2. Detach - সার(apasaran)
3. File number -  নম্বর (file nombor)
4. Flush - ি(chhadi)
5. Is interactive - াতো যোগ্য (amar kotha ovijoggya)
6. Read - প (poda)
7. Readable - পর ক (poder shoronkkha)
8. Read line -  লা প (ek lain poda)
9. Read lines - লাগুলো প (lain golpo poda)
10. Seek - ez করা (kheiz korra)

I hope these translations help you in your project! If you have any further questions or need assistance with anything else, feel free to ask.
 Sure, I'd be happy to help you with that! Here are the translations of the Python keywords you provided into Bengali:

* Seekable: স্কেকত (skekhobhit)
* Tell: বলা (bala)
* Truncate:  (chhota)
* Writable: লেনো (lekhano)
* Write: লে (lekhona)
* Write lines: লে লাের (lekhonair lineler)
* And: ে (ande)
* Assert: প্রমাকরা (praman kora)
* Break: বর্তসা (bartasaa)

I hope this helps you with your project! Let me know if you need any further assistance.
 Sure, I'd be happy to help you with that! Here are the translations of the Python keywords you provided into Bengali:

* Class: যোগ (abhignyog)
* Continue: সম্পাদ (sampad)
* Define: সা (shushona)
* Delete: মু কা (mukhe thaka)
* Else if:   (ara iu ashena)
* Else:  ন (ara emon)
* Except: ত বা (amta bachai asha)
* False: ার(osadharan)
* Finally: শেস্ (shesh avastha)
* For: জন্য (jonya)

I hope this helps you in your project! Let me know if you need any further assistance.
 Sure, I'd be happy to help you with that! Here are the translations of the Python keywords you provided into Bengali:

* From: কে (theke)
* Global: বিশ্বাসোনা (bishabaasonaa)
* If: যadin (jadin)
* Import: দান (amadan)
* In: ি (oti)
* Is: হ(hoy)
* Lambda: লাмбδা (lambda)
* None:  (chaar)
* Non-local: ্ত্র (astra)
* Not: না (na)

I hope this helps you with your project! Let me know if you need any further assistance.
 Sure, I'd be happy to help you with that! Here are the translations of the Python keywords you provided into Bengali:

* or: র্ (ārdh)
* pass: পাস (pās)
* raise exception: তি রা (apatite uttara)
* return: প্রান্ত (prānt)
* True: সত (sat)
* try:  (cēṣṭā)
* while: ো (elā)
* with: সোজন (saṃyojana)
* yield: ্পাদ (utpāda)
* Arithmetic Error: uinetic ব (arithmātic ābhāv)

Note that Bengali is written in the Bengali script, which is different from the Latin alphabet used in English. I hope this helps you in your effort to translate Python terms into Bengali!
 I'm happy to help you with that! Here are the translations of the Python key terms you provided into Bengali:

1. Assertion Error: ার্ত্রু ROR (O-sarn truti err-or)
2. Attribute Error: পরিবেশika ত্রু ROR (Paribeshika truti err-or)
3. Exception: iko যোগ (Ainako avijog)
4. End Of File Error:  সমাপ্তি ROR (Fail samapti err-or)
5. Floating Point Error: লো পয়ান্ত ROR (Flochha pyaanta err-or)
6. Generator Exit: জেনারে ্সি(Jenarator exit)
7. Import Error: দানী যোগ (Amadani unnayan)
8. Indentation Error: ্তর ROR (Antara chhahan err-or)
9. Index Error: িক ROR (Anchalik chhahan err-or)
10. Key Error:  ROR (Khadang chhahan err-or)

I hope these translations help you in your project!
 Sure, I'd be happy to help you with that! Here are the translations of the Python key terms you provided into Bengali:

1. Keyboard Interrupt - "কীবোর্ুন" (Kiborrd Ongshothon)
2. Lookup Error - "লুক র" (Lukaap Erro)
3. Memory Error - "মেমরি র" (Memori Erro)
4. Name Error - "নাম র" (Naam Erro)
5. Not Implemented Error - "ুসারেন র" (Anusaren Erro)
6. OS Error - "স র" (Oes Erro)
7. Overflow Error - "িরিক্ত র" (Atirickt Erro)
8. Reference Error - "্য র" (Aabhadya Erro)
9. Runtime Error - "রান타 র" (Rontaim Erro)
10. Stop Iteration - "ন র" (Aunthon Erro)

I hope these translations are helpful for your project! If you have any further questions or need assistance with anything else, feel free to ask.
 Sure, I'd be happy to help you with that! Here are the translations of the Python keywords you provided into Bengali:

1. Syntax Error: সা ির(Shushona Atirupan)
2. Tab Error: যাব ির(Taba Atirupan)
3. System Error: পরিবেশ ির(Paribesh Atirupan)
4. System Exit: পরিবেশ  ্ (Paribesh Ashen Utchhale)
5. Type Error: প্রকার ির(Prakar Atirupan)
6. Unbound Local Error: ম্বাদি  ির(Osmobadi Bhando Atirupan)
7. Unicode Error:  ির(Onnodhor Ontho Atirupan)
8. Unicode Encode Error:  কোির(Onnodhor Ainako Odhikar Atirupan)
9. Unicode Decode Error:  ির(Onnodhor Doikoho Odhikar Atirupan)
10. Unicode Translate Error:  ুবাদ ির(Onnodhor Anubad Atirupan)

I hope this helps you with your project! Let me know if you need any further assistance.
 Sure, I'd be happy to help you with that! Here are the translations of the two terms you provided into Bengali:

1. Value Error: লু ্ROR (Bhalu error)
2. Zero Division Error: সের Bianca ্তর (Sera bianca ontore)

I hope this helps! Let me know if you need anything else translated.
